Assignment  8 Thread and Multi thread

Q1. In this challenge, simulate a banking system. Create the Account and Transaction classes.

1. The Account class has a data member int balance, initially assigned to zero. The class should implement the following three methods:

String deposit(int money) to add money to the balance. This method should return a string that describes the deposit transaction, i.e., "Depositing $money".
String withdraw(int money) to subtract money from the balance. This method should return a string that describes the withdraw transaction, i.e., "Withdrawing $money". Note that, if there is insufficient balance to successfully withdraw the desired amount, then the balance should not be adjusted, and the returned string should be "Withdrawing $money (Insufficient Balance)".
int getBalance() to return the account balance.
2. The Transaction class has two data members Account account and List transactions. The class should implement the following three methods:

void deposit(int money) to invoke the deposit method in the Account class. This should add the transaction message to the transactions list.
void withdraw(int money) to invoke the withdraw method in the Account class. This should add the transaction message to the transactions list.
List getTransaction() to return the transactions.

Q2. Write a program of producer and consumer

Q3. Write a program of thread to used all the method of thread like (wait, sleep, notify, notifyall,join,getname, currentthreade islive?, priority ).
you have to write on sigle program to used this all.

Q4. You are required to compute the power of a number by implementing a calculator. Create a class MyCalculator which consists of a single method long power(int, int). This method takes two integers, n and p, as parameters and finds . If either p  or n is negative, then the method must throw an exception which says "n and p should not be negative". Also, if both  and  are zero, then the method must throw an exception which says "n and p should not be zero"
For example, -4 and -5 would result in java.lang.Exception: n or p should not be negative.
Complete the function power in class MyCalculator and return the appropriate result after the power operation or an appropriate exception as detailed above.

Q5.Java Program Showing Execution of Multiple Tasks with a Single Thread
Q6.Java Program Showing Two Threads Working Simultaneously Upon Two Objects
Q7.Java Program Showing Two Threads Acting Upon a Single Object
Q8.Java Program with 2 Threads Which Prints Alternatively
Q9.Java Program to Start One Thread More than Once
Q10.Java Program to Check CurrentThread in Multi Threading Concept
Q11.Java Program to Create a Server with 2 Threads to Communicate with Serveral Clients
Q12.Java Program to Create a Client That Receive Message From the Server
Q13.Java Program of a Multithreaded Implementation of Any Parallelized Divide-Conquer Algorithm


Assignment 9: JBCD
Make a new file read.txt
add a data of student assigned as
name,rollnuber,marks,percentage.
tom,101,500,95%

of 10 student.
Read a txt file.
Make a database connection and store the data in student table with attribute
name varchar(30),rollnumber int(10),marks int (10),percentage int(10)




